README.md, before:


* This repository contains a network module, with a class which models a neural Network you can train in a supervised learning paradigm with the standard SGD (Stochastic Gradient Descent)/backpropagation algorithm method

* How to setup your testing environment :
    - see "practical_commands.txt" 

* How to use the network module :
    - Import it : "import network"
    - Create a network instance, specifying its identifier, its shape with a list of numbers, and the activation function :
    	- The first and last number of the list will always respectively describe the input and output layers of the created network.
        - There are 3 possible activation functions : sigmoid, relu, and tanh
    - Train your network, specifying your hyper-parameters, using "net.SGD(training_data, epochs, mini_batch_size, learning_rate, test_data)"
    	- The training/test/validation data must be lists of tuples of a numpy vector x and a digit y : [(x1 , y1), ... ,(xn , yn)] (where n is the training/validation data-set's size)
    	- The numpy vector x is the input given to the network, and y is this expected output
    - Save your trained model as a serialized Network object in a file
    - Track the performances of your model during training, and after training, try to predict with the model on custom examples
    - Use your model to solve a problem :)

* Usage examples :
    - test.py
    - test_hd.py (hd for handwritten_digits)

* Side notes :
    - the data used for the hdr (handwritten digits recognition) models is loaded from the mnist database by the "mnist_loader" library
    - the custom paint test images are 256-RGB format .bmp files
    - WARNING : the performance on the mnist dataset =/= the performance on custom handwritten digits
    - The "test_hd.py" script trains a model, stores it in the "models" folder, and the tracked training process in "weights_training_animations". It also live displays the weights training, and once the training is done, lets the user use the model to predict on custom examples.
    - The models are saved in the "models" folder, and the trainings in the "trainings" folder

* Warning :
    - Don't close the model's prediction window during the execution of the program --> press "n" to terminate the program

This library was inspired by the Michael Nielsen's e-book : Neural Networks and deep learning (http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com)

Commit message:

regularization functions, activation functions (relu, tanh), unstable

README.md, after:


* This repository contains a network module, with a class which models a neural Network you can train in a supervised learning paradigm with the standard SGD (Stochastic Gradient Descent)/backpropagation algorithm method

* How to setup your testing environment :
    - see "practical_commands.txt" 

* Requirements :
    - python 3
    - numpy
    - matplotlib
    - Pillow
    - ImageMagick

* How to use the network module :
    - Import it : "import network"
    - Create a network instance, specifying its identifier, its shape with a list of numbers, and the activation function :
    	- The first and last number of the list will always respectively describe the input and output layers of the created network.
        - There are 3 possible activation functions : sigmoid, relu, and tanh
    - Train your network, specifying your hyper-parameters, using "net.SGD(training_data, epochs, mini_batch_size, learning_rate, test_data)"
    	- The training/test/validation data must be lists of tuples of a numpy vector x and a digit y : [(x1 , y1), ... ,(xn , yn)] (where n is the training/validation data-set's size)
    	- The numpy vector x is the input given to the network, and y is this expected output
    - Save your trained model as a serialized Network object in a file
    - Track the performances of your model during training, and after training, try to predict with the model on custom examples
    - Use your model to solve a problem :)

* Usage examples :
    - test.py
    - test_hd.py (hd for handwritten_digits)

* Side notes :
    - the data used for the hdr (handwritten digits recognition) models is loaded from the mnist database by the "mnist_loader" library
    - the custom paint test images are 256-RGB format .bmp files
    - WARNING : the performance on the mnist dataset =/= the performance on custom handwritten digits
    - WARNING : the only currently correctly working combination is sigmoid with no regularization
    - There is a nasty matplotlib deprecation warning at each epoch if you display the weights. You can safely ignore it
    - The "test_hd.py" script trains a model, stores it in the "models" folder, and the tracked training process in "weights_training_animations". It also live displays the weights training, and once the training is done, lets the user use the model to predict on custom examples.
    - The models are saved in the "models" folder, and the trainings in the "trainings" folder

* Warning :
    - Don't close the model's prediction window during the execution of the program --> press "n" to terminate the program

This library was inspired by the Michael Nielsen's e-book : Neural Networks and deep learning (http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com)
